I closed the street by 9:00 tonight and
today I'm going to turn you into a great
car trip tutorial well start though I
like to do shout out and shout out those
two not two not one for fall so I'll go
and check out this channel just by
clicking here and go and check out it's
like this video which is called up or
down so click on going like that okay so
today's trick and the trick I came up
with I call it perfect poker hand so
I'll show you the trick first and then
I'll show you how to stuff so I want
expectatives choose a card what's sales
and she was up on there so I won't look
it
okay and now I'm going to put that on
top of the deck and cut that into the
center of the deck with no breaks and
now put the cards again so now what I'm
going to do to locate your card is just
snap my fingers and if we'll go through
the card you'll notice that this one
card fight is face-up six of Hearts your
card when that's not your card well I
like to play poker and sometimes it
indicates a card or come up so in this
case it's six so let's count six we'll
go one two three four five foot four six
your car and you know said I let's play
poker
well when I do play I never
so that is the trick perfect palp and
I'm now teaching how to strip stone so
set up for trick
don't take any six out of the deck the
remaining six thousand six of hearts and
you want to take the won't flush and
spades out the back so it's ten Jack
Queen King and ace of spades and what
you're going to do is put the six on the
bottom of the leg and put facedown save
up and escape a bit back and slipspace
done and the rest being these cards in
order by top so we've all cards facedown
that's what it looks like the six
Plaza and here five cards with the six
facedown so now you ready to begin
trick by us constructive to select card
you can be any card by the way but say
it's that one left in this case the
triple downs and put it into the deck
now when you cook the deck don't you
want to put it just two times we got
three and their card is there and you're
putting the Royal Flush under six on top
okay so all of that is now on top of the
spectators card you can create a gay
rights and put it someone in the top so
the girls put where with other forces
and then spread out cards to show the
back this one card face up which should
be slow won't be their card it will give
you the six and then put the rest of the
card to public to the bottom and then
you say plus six isn't your car
made-up story about fiber in indicates
carts so this is six and now the next
five cards will be divided flush so we
deal them facedown go one two three four
five and six card over the spectators
card and then in reveal the royal flush
so that's an original effect it's called
perfect of the hand and thank you for
watching and I'll see you next time